Regex reference (#22210)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/regular_expressions/named_backreference/index.md

## Syntax

```regex
\k<name>
```

### Parameters

- `name`
  - : The name of the group. Must be a valid [identifier](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Lexical_grammar#identifiers) and refer to an existent named capturing group.

## Description

Named backreferences are very similar to normal backreferences: it refers to the text matched by a capturing group and matches the same text. The difference is that you refer to the capturing group by name instead of by number. This makes the regular expression more readable and easier to refactor and maintain.

In non-[unicode](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/RegExp/unicode) mode, the sequence `\k` only starts a named backreference if the regex contains at least one named capturing group. Otherwise, it is an [identity escape](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Regular_expressions/Character_escape) and is the same as the literal character `k`. This is a [deprecated syntax for web compatibility](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Deprecated_and_obsolete_features#regexp), and you should not rely on it.

```js
/\k/.test("k"); // true
```

## Examples

### Pairing quotes

> The following function matches the `title='xxx'` pattern in a string. To ensure the quotes match, we use a backreference to refer to the first quote.

Reviewer: Same comment about `['"]` matching both quote chars

Author: ```suggestion
The following function matches the `title='xxx'` and `title="xxx"` patterns in a string. To ensure the quotes match, we use a backreference to refer to the first quote. Accessing the second capturing group (`[2]`) returns the string between the matching quote characters:
```
